I am unhappy doing so many things alone
I have nobody to talk to
I cannot tolerate being so alone
I lack companionship
I feel as if nobody really understands me
I find myself waiting for people to call or write
There is no one I can turn to
I am no longer close to anyone
My interests and ideas are not shared by those around me
I feel left out 
I feel completely alone
I am unable to reach out and communicate with those around me
My social relationships are superficial
I feel starved for company
No one really knows me well
I feel isolated from others 
I am unhappy being so withdrawn
It is difficult for me to make friends
I feel shut out and excluded by others
People are around me but not with me
I feel in tune with the people around me
There is no one I can turn to
No one really knows me well
I do not feel alone
I feel part of a group of friends
I have a lot in common with the people around me
I am an outgoing person
There are people I feel close to
I can find companionship when I want it
There are people who really understand me
I am unhappy being so withdrawn
There are people I can talk to
There are people I can turn to
How often do you feel that you are "in tune" with the people around you?
How often do you feel that you lack companionship?
How often do you feel that there is no one you can turn to?
How often do you feel alone?
How often do you feel part of a group of friends?
How often do you feel that you have a lot in common with the people around you?
How often do you feel that you are no longer close to anyone?
How often do you feel that your interests and ideas are not shared by those around you?
How often do you feel outgoing and friendly?
How often do you feel close to people?
How often do you feel left out?
How often do you feel that your relationships with others are not meaningful?
How often do you feel that no one really knows you well?
How often do you feel isolated from others?
How often do you feel you can find companionship when you want it?
How often do you feel that there are people who really understand you?
How often do you feel shy?
How often do you feel that people are around you but not with you?
How often do you feel that there are people you can talk to?
How often do you feel that there are people you can turn to?
I find it easy to express feelings of affection toward members of my family.
Most everyone around me is a stranger.
I usually wait for a friend to call me up and invite me out before making plans to go anywhere.
Most of my friends understand my motives and reasoning.
At this time, I do not have a romantic relationship that means a lot to me.
I don’t get along very well with my family.
I have at least one good friend of the same sex.
I can’t depend on getting moral or financial support from any group or organization in a time of trouble.
I am now involved in a romantic or marital relationship where both of us make a genuine effort at cooperation.
I often become shy and retiring in the company of relatives.
Some of my friends will stand by me in almost any difficulty.
People in my community aren’t really interested in what I think or feel.
My trying to have friends and to be liked seldom succeeds the way I would like it to.
I spend time talking individually with each member of my family.
I find it difficult to tell anyone that I love him or her.
I don’t have many friends in the city where I live.
I work well with others in a group.
I am an important part of the emotional and physical wellbeing of my lover or spouse.
I don’t feel that I can turn to my friends living around me for help when I need it.
I don’t think that anyone in my family really understands me.
I have a lover or spouse who fulfils many of my emotional needs.
My friends are generally interested in what I am doing, although not to the point of being nosy.
Members of my family enjoy meeting my friends.
I allow myself to become close to my friends.
My relatives are generally too busy with their concerns to bother about my problems.
Few of my friends understand me the way I want to be understood.
No one in the community where I live cares much about me.
Right now, I don’t have true compatibility in a romantic or marital relationship.
Members of my family give me the kind of support that I need.
A lot of my friendships ultimately turn out to be pretty disappointing.
My romantic or marital partner gives me much support and encouragement.
I am not very open with members of my family.
I often feel resentful about certain actions of my friends.
I am embarrassed about the way my family behaves.
People who say they are in love with me are usually only trying to rationalize using me for their own purposes.
I have a good relationship with most members of my family.
In my relationships, I am generally able to express both positive and negative feelings.
I don’t get much satisfaction from the groups I attend.
I get plenty of help and support from friends.
I seem to have little to say to members of my family.
I don’t have any one special love relationship in which I feel really understood.
I really feel that I belong to a family.
I have few friends with whom I can talk openly.
My family is quite critical of me.
I have an active love life.
I have few friends that I can depend on to fulfil their end of mutual commitments.
Generally I feel that members of my family acknowledge my strengths and positive qualities.
I have at least one real friend.
I don’t have any neighbours who would help me out in a time of need.
Members of my family are relaxed and easy-going with each other.
I have moved around so much that I find it difficult to maintain lasting friendships.
I tend to get along well with partners in romantic relationships.
I find it difficult to invite a friend to do something with me.
I have little contact with members of my family.
My friends don’t seem to stay interested in me for long.
There are people in my community who understand my views and beliefs.
As much as possible, I avoid members of my family.
I seldom get the emotional security I need from a romantic or sexual relationship.
My family usually values my opinion when a family decision is to be made.
Most of my friends are genuinely concerned about my welfare.
It is hard for me to trust other people.
It is hard for me to say "no" to other people.
It is hard for me to join in on groups. 
It is hard for me to keep things private from other people. 
It is hard for me to let other people know what I want. 
It is hard for me to tell a person to stop bothering me
I feel relaxed even in unfamiliar social situations
I try to avoid situations, which force me to be very sociable
It is easy for me to relax when I am with strangers
I have no particular desire to avoid people
I often find social occasions upsetting
I usually feel calm and comfortable at social occasions
I am usually at ease when talking to someone of the opposite sex
I try to avoid talking to people unless I know them well
If the chance comes to meet new people, I often take it
I often feel nervous or tense in casual get-togethers in which both sexes are present
I am usually nervous with people unless I know them well
I usually feel relaxed when I am with a group of people
I often want to get away from people
I usually feel uncomfortable when I am in a group of people I don’t
I usually feel relaxed when I meet someone for the first time
Being introduced to people makes me tense and nervous
Even though a room is full of strangers, I may enter it anyway
I would avoid walking up and joining a large group of people
When my superiors want to talk with me, I talk willingly
I often feel on edge when I am with a group of people
I tend to withdraw from people
I don’t mind talking to people at parties or social gatherings
I am seldom at ease in a large group of people
I often think of excuses in order to avoid social engagements
I sometimes take the responsibility for introducing people to each other
I try to avoid formal social occasions
I usually go to whatever social engagements I have
I find it easy to relax with other people
Someone to help you if you were confined to bed
Someone you can count on to listen to you when you need to talk
Someone to give you good advice about a crisis
Someone to take you to the doctor if you needed it
Someone who shows you love and affection
Someone to have a good time with
Someone to give you information to help you understand a situation
Someone to confide in or talk to about yourself or your problems
Someone who hugs you
Someone to get together with for relaxation
Someone to prepare your meals if you were unable to do it yourself
Someone whose advice you really want
Someone to do things with to help you get your mind off things
Someone to help with daily chores if you were sick
Someone to share your most private worries and fears with
Someone to turn to for suggestions about how to deal with a personal problem
Someone to do something enjoyable with
Someone who understands your problems
Someone to love and make you feel wanted
In general, I consider myself not a very happy person
In general, I consider myself a very happy person
Compared with most others my age, I consider myself less happy
Compared with most others my age, I consider myself more happy
Some people are generally very happy.  They enjoy life regardless of what is going on, getting the most out of everything.  To what extent does this characterization describe you?
Some people are generally not very happy. Although they are not depressed, they never seem as happy as they might be. To what extent does this characterization describe you?
I experience a general sense of emptiness 
There are plenty of people I can rely on when I have problems
There are many people I can trust completely
I miss having people around
There are enough people I feel close to
I often feel rejected
I want to live my life now, rather than waiting to enjoy life and be happier in the future.
I believe in living in the moment rather than delaying happiness for some later point in time.
I want to seize the moment and enjoy life as much as possible now versus someday in the distant future.
It is important to engage in fun activities as they become available, because I might not get the same chance in the future.
When it comes to enjoying life, I believe in the saying, “no day but today.”
We should live in the moment and enjoy opportunities to have fun now versus later.
Life is short, so it is important to enjoy life to the fullest now.
Instead of waiting to be happy someday, I prefer to be happy today.
When it comes to being happy, I believe in the saying “if not now, then when?”
I believe in enjoying life to the fullest now, because no one knows what the future may bring.
Actively participate in group activities?
Share an interesting experience you had with other people?
Enjoy time in solitude?
Find something enjoyable to do when you are alone?
Appreciate time for yourself?
When stressed, use solitude to clear your mind?
Use solitude to be creative?
Preference for Solitude
I enjoy being by myself.
I try to structure my day so that I always have some time to myself.
After spending a few hours surrounded by a lot of people, I am usually eager to get away by myself.
Time spent alone is often productive for me.
I often have a strong desire to get away by myself.
When I have to spend several hours alone, I find the time productive and pleasant.
Time spent alone is often boring and uninteresting.
I do not have a strong need to be around other people.
There are many times when I just have to get away and be by myself.
At this time of my life, I see myself as:
Having hobbies or interests I can enjoy
Accepting myself as I grow older
Being involved with other people or my community when possible.
Adjusting well to my present life situation
Adjusting to changes in my physical abilities
Sharing my wisdom or experience with others
Finding meaning in my past experiences
Helping others in some way
Having an ongoing interest in learning
Able to move beyond some things that once seemed so important
Accepting death as a part of life
Finding meaning in my spiritual beliefs
Letting others help me when I may need it
Enjoying my pace of life
Letting go of past regrets
These days, the people in my life would be better off if I were gone
These days, the people in my life would be happier without me
These days, I think I am a burden on society
These days, I think my death would be a relief to the people in my life 
These days, I think the people in my life wish they could be rid of me
These days, I think I make things worse for the people in my life
These days, other people care about me
These days, I feel like I belong
These days, I rarely interact with people who care about me 
These days, I am fortunate to have many caring and supportive friends
These days, I feel disconnected from other people
These days, I often feel like an outsider in social gatherings
These days, I feel that there are people I can turn to in times of need
These days, I am close to other people
These days, I have at least one satisfying interaction every day
I appreciate the value of all my experiences.
It pains me to think about dreams and goals l have had that I did not fulfill.
I have accomplished everything I wanted to in my life.
Life is meaningful.
I wish I had loved more in my life.
I have reached a point where I can accept the events in my life as having been necessary.
As I grow older, I understand people more.
I am bothered by mistakes I have made in the past.
I have done exactly what I wanted to with my life.
I see a meaningful thread running through the many events in my life.
Had I been born with a different personality, life would have been better.
I can face death gracefully.
Even my sufferings have had meaning.
I wish I had more time to take a different path in life.
As I get older, my life story makes more sense to me.
I am more likely to engage in quiet contemplation.
I feel that my individual life is a part of a greater whole.
I have become less concerned about other people’s opinions of me.
I feel that my life has less meaning.
I am more focused on the present.
I feel a greater sense of belonging with both earlier and future generations.
My peace of mind is not so easily upset as it used to be.
I feel more isolated and lonely.
I am less interested in seeking out social contacts.
My sense of self has decreased as I have gotten older.
My sense of self is less dependent on other people and things.
I do not become angry as easily.
I take myself less seriously.
I have less patience with other people.
I find more joy in life.
Material things mean less to me.
I am less optimistic about the future of humanity.
I feel much more compassionate, even toward my enemies.
I often have experiences in which I temporarily do not notice my sense of self at all.
I often have experiences in which, for a moment, I lose my sense of self.
I often have experiences in which my sense of self completely fades away.
I often have experiences in which my self boundaries temporarily fade away.
I often have experiences in which my sense of self feels much smaller.
I often have experiences of feeling closely connected to everything.
I often have experiences in which I am completely part of something larger than myself.
I often have experiences in which I feel a deep sense of communion with all living things.
I often have experiences of feeling entirely connected to humanity.
I often have experiences in which I feel a deep sense of oneness with all things.
I temporarily did not notice my sense of self at all.
For a moment, I felt that I lost my sense of self.
I felt my sense of self completely fade away.
I felt my sense of self boundaries temporarily fade away.
I experienced my sense of self as feeling much smaller.
I had the sense of feeling closely connected to everything.
I felt as if I was completely part of something larger than myself.
I felt a deep sense of communion with all living things.
I felt entirely connected to humanity.
I experienced a deep sense of oneness with all things.
I have had a transformative experience in which I temporarily did not notice my sense of self at all.
I have had a transformative experience in which, for a moment, I lost my sense of self.
I have had a transformative experience in which my sense of self completely faded away.
I have had a transformative experience in which my self boundaries temporarily faded away.
I have had a transformative experience in which my sense of self felt much smaller.
I have had a transformative experience of feeling closely connected to everything.
I have had a transformative experience in which I was completely part of something larger than myself.
I have had a transformative experience in which I felt a deep sense of communion with all living things.
I have had a transformative experience of feeling entirely connected to humanity.
I have had a transformative experience in which I felt a deep sense of oneness with all things.